chore: add generateJS and tsConfig  flags doc (#93)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/js/features/openapi/generate-openapi-client.mdx

generateClients(generatorOptions)
```

## Transpile to JavaScript

> The generator transpiles the TypeScript client to JavaScript per default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The generator transpiles the TypeScript client to JavaScript by default.
```

If the JavaScript client is not needed, the flag `generateJS` disables the generation of JavaScript sources:

```
generate-openapi-client -i directoryWithOpenApiFiles -o outputDirectory --generateJS false
```

A minimal default tsconfig.json is used in the transpilation process from TypeScript to JavaScript.

> If you want to use your one config you can provide ti via the flag `tsConfig`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use your one configuration you can provide it via the flag `tsConfig`:
```
